hello the mysteries life
I'm going to talk to you about something that I
will you notice on my matt book
because yes I did my homework
and am I going to talk to state
exercises they have inside
which are suitable
original one game opposes two players
pedro and hippolyte
we throw four times a piece well
balanced if the result is ppppp
so pedro wins if the result is
ffpb then hippolyte wins if we get
another result
then there is no winner
i still want to congratulate peace
right hippolyte who are rebels of
the company who do not want to have fun
with games everyone
no they do better than that they
invent games of their own
nobody understands like that there is
that they who can play no one
can play there they are original me I
say it's good he put himself against the
video game creation company 12 ha
they say we have our game it's
better a lot of rio and yeah we have the
well balanced piece game that
falls on the side provided with the game of b
funny and hippolyte
it takes a piece it's a bit like pbs
what but not for a weird guy there is
some chicks are having food and alcohol
a piece wow that's nothing by
report to what I 'm going to tell you
now when we ask gérard
how much he has dog
he answers I have four fifth times
fewer dogs than mawazine
indeed gerard is a researcher of
shit they are looking for trouble in
when asked for the
number of dogs that he has garrard darier
hentsch is actually answer him there
it's simple you go to the neighbor you
count the number of dogs case there and you
see the team i his part 4 1 / if it's
good to ask you just the number of
dogs
michael is on the edge of a river he
wants to measure the width for that the
visas point.p on a sign how do you
can have fun calculated the width of a
river me who found myself weird in
biting my toenails with my
stuffy
I mean, we go beyond all
my limits m she had started
a small cinema outing with small
chicks
not by cons I had planned to go to
the river to calculate its width tu
know in way